Hello everybody, 

last week we saw beautiful videos explaining Bayesian Networks.

In our Task we needed to improve examples and a questionair regarding Bayesian Networks 
on Slides 2 to 18 in Lecture 5 Part 2 Applied Graphical Networks.

Lets go and have a look at the old and new slides.


On the first and second page an example was presented with its equations for conditional independence.

The main message is: How can we use graphical models for real world problems and what kind of method is useable.

Therefore we pointed this messsages out and put it at the top of our new slide.

Because we also should replace the old examples through more study and coxi like examples we choose a new one. 

The example is explained in 3 ways: Graphical - literal - mathematical

So that you can understand the example even without the lecture.

Animations are used to help the presenter to proceed in a structured manner.

After a first click the conclusion is presented. After a second one the conclusion is expand by the topic of the next slide.



Again, we focussed on the next two slides message. Its about what is a CPT and how does it work to create one. 

We split this in two messages.

First we want to explain on our new slide: How does it work with CPTs?

This should help to understand the structure of the CPTs before they are actually used in an application example.

The slide gives a self-explanatory summary of the structure of the CPTs.

Again, Animations are used to help the presenter to proceed in a structured manner.

Therefore we choose to begin at the left top corner going through the coloumn and ending in the right bottom corner.

This automatically includes, that an additionally important message, marked with an exclamation mark is mentioned at the end.

That way, the message stays better in your mind for going on with the concrete example.

The knowledge gained can now be applied using the example from the previous slide.



These old slides, also show the implementation of the old example. 

As you can see, the two pages are more or less identical. Only some colours in the tables are different.

We try to sum it up on one page.

Here again Animations are used to help the presenter to proceed in a structured manner too.

We have dispensed with further descriptions here, as a detailed explanation has already taken place in the slide before.

This allowed us to concentrate entirely on the example on this slide.


This was the first part of slides improvement. The second part will be explained by Christoph Werries.

